# V1_CF_Spinability_CNN
A script to investigate if it is possible to classify differences between CF spinability measuremnets with and without drug application, in his case cultures witht he R347P mutation with and without VX-445, VX-661, and VX-770. The data is not currently included in this scipt as we have not published it yet, hence this script is here to give an idea of a project I have worked on. The scipt is also V1 proof of concept script, we had no idea if this would actually work when trying.

**The Data**
The data is based on mucus snap lengths generated by scanning ion condutance microscopy (SICM), a full sumamry of the data collection method can be found in Ivanova, R., Benton, D.C., Munye, M.M., Rangseesorranan, S., Hart, S.L. and Moss, G.W., 2019. A nanosensor toolbox for rapid, label-free measurement of airway surface liquid and epithelial cell function. ACS applied materials & interfaces, 11(9), pp.8731-8739.
A short summary is that a micro-pipette is dipped in the mucus layer of a human bronchial epithelium culture and withdrawn at 1 um/s resulting in a 'thread' of mucus being stretched. As the thread gets longer the current drops until the thread snaps and the current drops to 0. By taking the start and end points it is possible to obtain the 'mucus snap length' giving a quantative measure of spinability for airway mucus. The data was collected in an enviorment chamber, heated to 37C, 5% C02 and 99% humidity. The result of this produces as trace like this one (pleae excuse the labels I hastily made in paint):
